Explain it's important to comment in an issue before starting working on it (#646)
piwik/developer-documentation: docs/contributing-to-piwik-core.md

Once you've decided on something, continue below.

### Getting confirmation the Matomo team is interested in the idea

> Most of the issues in Matomo issue tracker are ideas and bugs that the Matomo team would like to implement or solve. However it is not always the case, and the Matomo team may not be interested anymore in some of the issues even though they are opened. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the issues in Matomo issue tracker are ideas and bugs that the Matomo team would like to implement or solve. However it is not always the case, and the Matomo team may not be interested anymore in some of the issues even though they are still open. 
```
